Add GI and NDN to Our Work (#408)
geeksforsocialchange/gfsc-v3: content/project/gendered-intelligence-website/index.md

---
date: 2024-01-06
title: "Gendered Intelligence website and rebrand"
client: "Gendered Intelligence"
when: "2021-2024"
who: kim jazz alexandria katja honor sarah alfie rosie ivan mark
themes: trans-lib digital-autonomy
categories: software
linktourl: https://genderedintelligence.co.uk
linktotext: Visit the new site
image: index.png
imagealt: the new Gendered Intelligence logo
social: social.png
description: "How we helped Gendered Intelligence migrate their complex, outdated website onto a new CRM that will better enable them to support their users and administrate their workload, and gave them a new look in the process."
galleryalt:
  - A compilation of the new logo variations and colourways we designed for Gendered Intelligence
  - The new website as shown on a tablet
  - Screenshots of pages on the new website 
  - The new website as shown on a phone
  - Examples of a brochure design in the new branding
  - More examples of brochures
  - New business cards 
  - Stickers with the new logo  
weight: 12
draft: false 
---

> Leading trans charity Gendered Intelligence approached us with a number of tech-related issues that were affecting their day-to-day operations. We helped them take an overarching view of the best way forward across all their issues, including the development of our [Enquiry Witch](https://gfsc.studio/project/enquiry-witch/) enquiry manager, researching their needs and building them a new CRM based on Jekyll, developing a new visual identity and information structure, and ultimately migrating their old website over onto this new CRM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Leading trans charity Gendered Intelligence approached us with a number of tech-related issues that were affecting their day-to-day operations. We helped them take an overarching view of the best way forward across all their issues, including the development of our [Enquiry Witch](https://gfsc.studio/project/enquiry-witch/) enquiry manager, researching their needs and building them a new CMS in Ruby on Rails, developing a new visual identity and information structure, and ultimately migrating their old website over onto this new CRM.
```

Their old website had been built using a number of different interlocking systems layered up over a number of years, to a point where no one in the organisation fully understood the interdependences or how everything slotted together. This meant that day to day, staff were unable to easily make changes to the website. We helped unpick this web of systems, and build them a new website with a new brand identity which will be sustainable and easy to maintain for the long term.

Because of the way in which the old website evolved, the information on the site was often outdated, self-contradictory and difficult to navigate for users. We undertook a full content audit and ran user testing to restructure their website around the needs of the people who use it, rather than reflecting simply rebuilding the same messy structures that had stemmed from over a decade of internal re-structuring. 

> First impressions are massively important, so we worked with long-time design partner [Studio Squid]() to rebrand Gendered Intelligence and design their new website as well as supporting them to implement the new brand identity in key internal and external documents, presentations, business cards and more. The new branding, in combination with their restructured website and refreshed key messaging, helps Gendered Intelligence to appear trustworthy and knowledgable, as well as friendly and approachable. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First impressions are massively important, so we worked with long-time design partner [Studio Squid](https://studiosquid.co.uk/) to rebrand Gendered Intelligence and design their new website as well as supporting them to implement the new brand identity in key internal and external documents, presentations, business cards and more. The new branding, in combination with their restructured website and refreshed key messaging, helps Gendered Intelligence to appear trustworthy and knowledgable, as well as friendly and approachable. 
```
